5
Are you ok? I am fine, thank you and what’s your name ? I am Richard.
How are you.
PJ Party 22 Yew Street, Cambridge, Ontario Tel: 416-223-8900 4 November 20-- Dear Valued Customer: Our records show that you have been a customer of PJ Party Inc. since our grand opening last year. We would like to thank you for your business by inviting you to our preferred customer Spring Extravaganza next Saturday.  Saturday's sales event is by invitation only. All of our stock, including pajamas and bedding will be marked down from 50-80% off.* Doors open at 9:00 AM sharp. Complimentary coffee and donuts will be served. Public admission will commence at noon.  In addition, please accept the enclosed (0 gift certificate to use with your purchase of $75 or more.  We look forward to seeing you at PJ's on Saturday. Please bring this invitation with you and present it at the door.  Sincerely,)
President Obama has signed off new expanded sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear programme, weeks after it launched a long-range rocket.  The country has refused to stop its nuclear programme and the bill was easily passed last week by Congress.  The sanctions attempt to cut off money North Korea needed to develop miniaturised nuclear warheads.  The US and China are negotiating over a UN Security Council resolution on new sanctions.  Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Kim Jong-Un has promised to put more satellites in space China has said some of the measures could cripple North Korea's economy.  The bill also allows for <0m (£35m) to support humanitarian programmes and transmit radio broadcasts into North Korea.  North Korea recently fired a long-range rocket, which critics said was a test of banned missile technology.  State television announced that North Korea had "successfully placed a satellite in orbit".  The morning after that launch, Mr Obama said: "This is an authoritarian regime. It's provocative. It has repeatedly violated UN resolutions, tested and produced nuclear weapons, and now they are trying to perfect their missile launch system." South Korea said it would begin discussing with the US the deployment of a missile defence system.  Analysts say Kim Jong-un is looking to appear powerful before his important Seventh Party Congress in May.>
A leaking gas well near the US city of Los Angeles which has been polluting the air for four months has been "permanently sealed," officials say.  The Southern California Gas Company (SoCal Gas) had been pumping in heavy fluids and cement to seal the well.  The leak began in October in a vast underground storage field in Porter Ranch, on the outskirts of Los Angeles.  The natural gas leak, one of the largest in US history, has caused thousands to relocate.  The escaping gas at the Aliso Canyon storage field accounted for a fifth of all methane emissions - an extremely potent greenhouse gas - across the entire state of California.  "This has been among the worst environmental catastrophes in recent history," said Robin Greenwald, a senior attorney with Weitz & Luxenberg, a law firm which is taking legal action on behalf of some Porter Ranch residents.  "The public health crisis it caused is far from over," said Ms Greenwald, arguing that her clients still did not know if it was safe to return to their homes.  They were uncertain about the safety of the 114 other wells on the site and had not been given "assurances that the interior of their homes are safe," she said.  "The lack of transparency by all those involved is inexcusable." Analysis - James Cook, BBC News, Los Angeles The leak may be over but the blame game has only just begun. SoCal Gas and its regulators are squabbling over who was responsible for the catastrophic failure at Aliso Canyon.  The company insists it acted in accordance with the law. The state of California disagrees (although it has admitted that regulations might need tightening) and the battle is playing out in the courts.  Many residents of Porter Ranch and neighbouring communities, literally sick of the whole affair, think both sides are at fault, accusing them of an "incestuous" relationship. They have many outstanding questions.  What are the long-term health impacts of exposure to the gas? Will residents be compensated adequately for the nightmare of the past four months? Will SoCal Gas be allowed to continue operating the facility or will it be shut down?  There are questions too for the United States as a whole.  With gas in California's air and lead in Michigan's water, crumbling infrastructure and weak regulation are putting people at risk across the country, say environmental campaigners.  Action is needed at a national level, they argue, or the disasters will just keep happening.  Last week a crew from SoCal Gas injected heavy fluids into the well - in the Santa Susana mountains around a mile from the nearest homes - before pumping in cement to make a seal.  The gas company on Wednesday pleaded not guilty to criminal charges for allegedly waiting three days to report the huge leak back in October.  The latest estimate for the amount of methane emitted from the leaking well, taken on 13 February, is 94,067,040kg (94,000 metric tonnes), according to the California Air Resources Board.  Image copyright AFP Image caption The streets of Porter Ranch have been left deserted as a result of the leak Spokesman Stanley Young told the BBC this meant that during the leak California's entire emissions of methane rose "by roughly 20%", pushing up the state's total annual methane emissions by around 6%.  Mr Young said final figures for the amount of gas emitted would not be known for several weeks.  Aliso Canyon is a 3,600 acre site comprising 115 wells and is the second largest such facility in the US.  In early January, the company apologised but said it was not responsible for what environmental groups say is an environmental catastrophe.  Many living close to the site had been complaining of nausea, headaches and other symptoms. Environmental campaigner Erin Brockovich described it as the worst environmental disaster in the US since 2010.
